the beach the seaside bitter sunshine
then I saw ice-cream I want to twist up
today I want to do a beetroot and the
horseradish I know what you're thinking
sounds a bit mental but it's an acquired
taste but it works got some double cream
lovely and a bit of milk put that in
there then you want a vanilla pod you
can use the essence but I think it's
always better to use a nice fresh one
open it up wash it out that's enough
okay about a quarter of a teaspoon all
right now all I want to do I want to
boil it I just want to bring it to a
certain heat where it's going to infuse
with the vanilla yeah and it's nice and
warm in here about 12 egg yolks okay I'm
gonna add the sugar in probably need
about 200 grams of sugar caster sugar
whisk this up a little bit now because
what we want to do we want to make this
cone nice and pale and fluffy so when
you do pour your milk in it's got a
little bit of body in there yeah I just
got a little pan yeah I've got water in
it just pop that over and just whisk it
nice and slowly now you can do it law if
you like but I feel a little bit more
peace of mind when you know is cooked
you know I mean especially if you your
girlfriend it's really a drop or
something you know I mean you want to
make sure them then eggs are cooked you
can put any flavoring you want it's
literally just eggs and sugar milk and
cream bit of vanilla mix it together
theoretically if you're making an ice
cream that you need an ice cream machine
you a little Turner because basically
you need to keep it moving while it's
freezing there that's how you get your
ice cream yet Bosh in a ice cream
machine six minutes done if you put it
in the fridge and sort of you know just
keep moving it moving it about stirring
every hour you will get the same effect
but that is already turned a nice pale
color get yourself a bowl gear eggs in
have a look at the old cream
so now can you stick your finger in it
you don't start screaming then you're
right
obviously if you had heat to eggs they
scramble little bit this time takes I
doubt he's right yeah I know what's
going on now yeah
you're coming in sweet let's make love
it's have a bit of ice cream so now I'm
gonna pop the rest of it in right well
you got that lovely yellow ice cream
color going on there look at this point
your best bet is to put a bit of icing
sugar in there well I'm gonna whack a
bit listen cuz I ain't got no rules I
don't get monkeys me thank you the
monkeys two bowls
now this be true all I've done to it
literally you can roast it to get a nice
you know that nice or depth of flavor or
I've just boiled it blitzed up I see you
got that one going on there pour half of
the mixture in I want to do a little bit
at a time
Bosh we're gonna color it out it's
lovely
right that's one second months
horseradish I was thinking about what
flavors am I gonna do I could have done
chocolate I could have done strawberry I
could have been boring you know I'm
trying to get British heads you're not I
mean then horseradish it's got a nice
little mustardy flavor behind it it just
works fantastic I'll pour this in first
I'm gonna put about 4-5 tablespoons in
there you love pink and bonkers did ya
wait to taste it it's lovely
at this point if you've got an ice cream
machine and if you're clever enough to
hook one up out here then good Anya
you're doing a better job than me but
I'm gonna pop mine in these little
containers there's a lovely lady over
there got a little cat I say if you can
have a scoop of ice cream if I should
put my ice cream in a freezer as an
actor said to the bishop and there we go
horseradish and beet root ice cream
you